W-18169707 Reorg based on external feedback (#396)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/managing-business-groups.adoc

= Managing Business Groups
:page-aliases: organization.adoc

Use business groups to delegate administrative responsibilities, control access to resources, and structure your organization's access management.

In the Access Management *Business Groups* page, you can:

* Create business groups.
* View a hierarchical tree of all of the business groups you have permissions to view. 
* View and edit properties of a business group.
+

> What you can view and edit depends on your permissions.

Reviewer: Permissions determine...

include::partial$include-nav-steps-org-admin.adoc[]

. In the Access Management navigation menu, click *Business Groups*.
. Click the name of the root business group.

[[create-business-group]]
== Create a Business Group

> When you create a new business group under the top-level (root), business group, all the current users with the Organization Administrator permission in the root business group appear in the list of users in the newly created business group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create a new business group under the top-level (root) business group, all the current users with the Organization Administrator permission in the root business group appear in the list of users in the newly created business group.
```

include::partial$include-nav-steps-org-admin.adoc[]

include::partial$include-nav-business-groups.adoc[]

. To create the root business group for your organization, click *Create business group*.

> . To create a child business group, click the *...* menu next to the business group that will be the parent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To create a child business group, click the *...* menu for the parent business group.

. Click *Create child group*.
. In the dialog box, enter:

>   * *Business Group name*: Name for the new business group.

Reviewer: Consider making these descriptions parallel (either all noun or imperative). And adjust punctuation, as needed.

Author: I'll address this when I go back in later to verify all the procedures in this topic.

  * *Owner*: Assign an existing Organization Administrator as the business group owner.
  * Select *Can create Business Groups* to allow the owner to create child business groups under this business group.
  * Select *Can create environments* to allow the owner to create environments within this business group.
  * You can assign some or all of the redistributable resources (vCores, VPCs, and so on) that your organization owns to an individual business group. This ensures that the resources are used by the CloudHub deployments that belong to the business group. You can assign the resources when you create the business group, or edit these settings later.
  * *Enable CloudHub global deployment*

>   +

Reviewer: This is wonky in the preview, but maybe fine in the build.

  This option is available only if global deployment is enabled on the parent business group. When global deployment is enabled, the region is auto-populated according to the region you specified.
* *Static IPs*
+
This option is available only if the parent business group has static IPs assigned to it. This option enables the use of static IP addresses.

> . Click *Add Business Group*. +

Reviewer: This one (+) works however.

The business group appears in the hierarchy, under the root organization.

[NOTE]
--
Allocating redistributable resources to a business group makes those resources available only to that business group, which makes them unavailable to the parent organization.
--

[[create-child-business-group]]
== Create a Child Business Group

Create a business group hierarchy to help you better control user access to resources.

>  . To create a child business group, click the *...* menu next to the business group that will be the parent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 . To create a child business group, click the *...* menu for the parent business group.
```

. In the *Add Business Group* dialog, enter a *Business Group name* and *Owner*, then select from these options: +
* *Owner can create Business Groups*
+
Users with the Organization Administrator permission can create child business groups in a business group that they own.
* *Owner can create environments*
+
Users with the Organization Administrator permission can create environments within their business groups.
* *Enable CloudHub global deployment*
+
This option is available only if global deployment is enabled on the parent business group. When global deployment is enabled, the region is auto-populated according to the region you specified.

> * *Static IPs*: This option is available only if the parent business group has static IPs assigned to it. This option enables the use of static IP addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Static IPs*:
+
This option is available only if the parent business group has static IPs assigned to it. This option enables the use of static IP addresses.
```

== Navigate Between Business Groups

When your organization has multiple business groups, you can switch between them in the list of business groups. Switching between business groups changes the list of available CloudHub deployments, APIs, users, and roles settings.

image::switch-suborg.png["A business group and a list of its sub-groups"]

[NOTE]
--
When you create a business group, sign out and sign in to Anypoint Platform to see newly-created business groups in the business group navigation menu.
When you sign in to Anypoint Platform, you return to the business group where you were last active when you signed out of Anypoint Platform.
--

If you don't have the Organization Administrator permission, you can view only the business groups that you have permissions to view. In the *Organization* tab, your organization tree displays only the business groups to which you belong.

[[control-business-group-access]]
=== View User and Team Access 

You can view a list of users or teams that have access to a business group or environment and filter by their assigned permissions.

include::partial$include-nav-business-groups.adoc[]

. Select the *Access Overview* tab. 
+

> A list of users in the current business group is shown.

Reviewer: Consider removing.

 
.. Select the business group or environment from the dropdown to view a list of users with access to the selected business group or environment.

> .. Select a permission from the dropdown to see a list of users who have the selected permission in the selected business group or environment. 

Reviewer: who have -> with?

. To see teams with access to the selected business group or environment, select *Teams* from the dropdown.
. To see teams that have specific permissions assigned, select the permission from the dropdown. 
+
Permissions that are granted directly to users outside of the Teams feature aren't shown. 

> === View Roles Associated With the Business Group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== View Roles Associated with the Business Group
```

Reviewer: (Global)
I always have to look that up.

Reviewer: https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/spaces/DOCTEAM/pages/143000605/title+capitalization+Style+Guidelines

include::partial$include-nav-business-groups.adoc[]

. Select the *Roles* tab. 
+

> A list of roles in the current business group is shown. 

Reviewer: Consider deleting.

[[delete-business-group]]
== Delete a Business Group

Only an organization administrator that belongs to a business group can delete it. The top-level (root) business group can't be deleted, even by an organization administrator.

include::partial$include-nav-organizations.adoc[]

> . Click the *...* menu next to the business group to delete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the *...* menu for the business group to delete.
```

. In the confirmation dialog, enter the name of the business group and then click *Delete*.

[[redistribute-resources]]
== Redistribute Resources Between Existing Business Groups

> You can redistribute resources (such as vCores, VPCs, load balancers, Small or Large Managed Flex Gateways, and so on) between business groups at the business group level only, not at the root organization level. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can redistribute resources (like vCores, VPCs, load balancers, small or large Managed Flex Gateways) between business groups at the business group level only, not at the root organization level. 
```

You must have the Organization Administrator permission for the root organization to redistribute resources.

[NOTE]
--
Allocating redistributable resources to a business group makes those resources available only to that business group, which makes them unavailable to the parent organization.
--

The business group hierarchy prevents a child business group from consuming additional resources from its parent group unless an organization administrator redistributes those resources to the child group. Resource distribution proceeds from root to parent to child. For example, you can't redistribute sandbox VCores to a child business group if the parent business group doesn't have any sandbox vCores available, even if the root organization has sandbox vCores available.

Additionally, the root organization or parent business group can't reclaim resources allocated to a business group that isn't a direct child.

. In the Access Management navigation menu, click *Business Groups*.
. Click the name of the business group to reassign resources to.
+

> The *Settings* section appears, showing details about the root organization or business group.

Reviewer: Consider deleting

Author: I'm going to leave this one.

. Click the *Settings* tab.
. Enter the number of vCores you want the business group to have.
. Click *Save changes*.

The *Business Group Info* window includes a resource counter that shows a value representing available resources, the sum of those resources that are reassigned to child business groups, and resources currently in use by the selected business group.

> === View Resource Utilization

Reviewer: Utilization -> Usage?

To see resource utilization for the root organization, navigate to *Access Management > Subscription > Runtime Manage Subscription*.

[[client-id-and-secret]]
== Client ID and Client Secret

> Each root business group, child business group, and environment, has its own associated unique client ID and client secret. These are used for authentication by users who are not business group administrators to access assets within a business group. The client ID and password are generated by Anypoint Platform for each environment you create, and they are globally unique.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each root business group, child business group, and environment, has its own associated unique client ID and client secret. These are used for authentication by users who aren't business group administrators to access assets within a business group. The client ID and password are generated by Anypoint Platform for each environment you create, and they are globally unique.
```

Reviewer: Salesforce style doesn't mind having "These" as the subject without a noun.

To deploy proxies or APIs to CloudHub, you must use these values to configure a customer-hosted Mule Runtime or legacy API Gateway.

[NOTE]

> Business group-level client IDs and client secrets are supported only for backward compatibility. In newer Anypoint Platform accounts, use the client ID and client secret for an environment instead. See xref:environments.adoc[Environments].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Business group-level client IDs and client secrets are supported only for backward compatibility. In newer Anypoint Platform accounts, use the client ID and client secret for an environment instead. See xref:environments.adoc[].
```

Reviewer: Are client id and secret being deprecated in favor of connected apps?

Reviewer: Typo on Line 177: Businesssssss

Author: @hannanelson Not as far as I know.

[NOTE]
--

> * For newer Anypoint Platform accounts, the client ID and secret apply to environments rather than business groups. See xref:environments.adoc[Environments].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For newer Anypoint Platform accounts, the client ID and secret apply to environments rather than business groups. See xref:environments.adoc[].
```

> * To change the client secret for an environment or business group, see https://help.mulesoft.com/s/article/How-to-set-or-reset-environment-client-secret-in-Anypoint-Platform[this help article], or contact your customer support representative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To change the client secret for an environment or business group, see https://help.mulesoft.com/s/article/How-to-set-or-reset-environment-client-secret-in-Anypoint-Platform[this help article], or contact your customer support representative.
```
```suggestion
* To change the client secret for an environment or business group, see https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=001115221&type=1[How to Set Environment client_secret in Anypoint Platform], or contact your customer support representative.
```

>   +

Reviewer: This and the one above aren't formatting correctly in the build. Actually none in this list are working. Maybe because the * is indented?

Author: @hannanelson They all look fine in my local build. What are you seeing?

  +
  Although multiple business groups can be created by different users using the same business group name, each business group must have a unique domain name.
  +
  [NOTE]
Changing the name or domain name of a business group changes the deep links to any existing API Portals in your business group.
  * *Default session timeout*
  +
  Set the amount of time (in minutes) a user is inactive before they are automatically signed out of Anypoint Platform. The default is 60 minutes, the minimum is 15 minutes, and the maximum is 180 minutes.
  * *Confidentiality Notification*
  +
  Create a custom popup that appears when users sign in to your business group. The character limit is 1000 alphanumeric characters and symbols: `@`, `:`, `?`, `!`, `,`, `.`, `;`, `'`, `_`, and `-`. You can also add line breaks using `\n` and tabs using `\t`. If you leave this field blank, users don't receive a notification at signin.
  * *Runtime Manager*
  +
  The default region for Runtime Manager. 

You can also view the business group ID, client ID, and client secret. These values apply to the root business group and grant permissions for all of the business groups contained within.

> To modify your xref:multi-factor-authentication.adoc[multi-factor authentication settings] for your business group, click the *Identity Providers* in the Access Management navigation menu. Business groups created after April 30, 2022 require multi-factor authentication by default for all users.

Reviewer: I wonder when we can remove the date 😸

> +

Reviewer: Escape the URL on line 267.

Author: @hannanelson This is intentionally not escaped. It actually works as intended. If you click that link it shows you your business group ID.

> `$ curl -H "Authorization: Bearer [YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN]" https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/api/me`

Reviewer: Look at all the URLs and escape the ones you don't want to be hyperlinks.

Author: These are intentionally not escaped.

[[sharing-resources]]
== Share Business Group Resources

All API versions and CloudHub environments that you create in a business group are accessible only to users within the business group.

> If you want to share resources with a user, you have to invite the user to join your business group, and the user must accept the invitation and join the business group you sent the invitation from. See xref:users.adoc#inviting-users[Inviting Users] for more information.

Reviewer: Check this link. I think it's not working as you expect.

[NOTE]
--

> Because the business group name (often the company name) is not necessarily unique, it is not sufficient for the invited user to join the business group and use the company name associated with the root business group. The organization domain name you set in the business group information is what distinguishes your business group from other business groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the business group name (often the company name) isn't necessarily unique, it isn't sufficient for the invited user to join the business group and use the company name associated with the root business group. The organization domain name you set in the business group information is what distinguishes your business group from other business groups.
```

Invited users must use the link they receive in the invitation email to join your business group.
--

If your business group is configured to use an external federated identity system, you don't need to invite users, as they are authenticated by the external identity provider.

> After a user joins your business group, they have access to the resources associated with the permissions or roles assigned to them. You can assign permissions to grant users access to different resources within the business group. A best practice is to assign permissions to the user at the time you invite them to join your business group so the roles are in effect when the user signs in for the first time. See xref:managing-permissions.adoc[Roles] for more information.

Reviewer: Is this the right place to link?
